# Source

## Purpose

This directory is meant to store sourcecode, this includes C++ (arduino is C++ shut up) as well as Python code as well as any other code we might use, like mayyybe rust (we will not be using PHP or Zig for comedic purposes).

You are welcome also to store test scripts, code documentation, 

***Please organize projects into their own directories so code doesnt get lost or mixed.***

> ***Finally, if coding in python, please please pip install to virtual environments*** (look it up or have me teach you) and include a *requirements.txt* in your project folder. 

## Directories

The following directories are present:
- **land/:** Programming for the Raspberry Pi on land (more python)
- **sea/:** Programming for the arduino on the robot (arduino/C++)
- **comunicationProc/:** Programs which facilitate comunication between land and sea. These will likely include the actual UART protocals as well as any image processing or info overlays we implement.

## Makefiles

If you code in C++ please include your makefile so other people may try your code. 
I know they are hard. Just copy it off the internet like everyone else and stop whining.

## What not to use it for

- ***DO NOT STORE YOUR OWN LOG FILES HERE*** we will make you a log directory and put it in the .gitignore if you need it, but you probably wont.
- ***DO NOT*** include any malicious code. I had to say it. Meme code is fine but keep it chill and dont let it get in the way.
- ***DO NOT STORE SENSTITIVE INFORMATION*** this includes any ***API KEYS*** or passwords. They will be put in special secure files in their own *.../env/* directory if needed and will be imported from there correctly and securely.
- Try to refference code from other directories minimally to reduce spaghetti code. Id rather you make a private copy. If you do depend on someone elses code, tell them and make it clear in your own code.
- For python: do not upload your entire virtual environment if you are using one (which you should!) Please use a reqirements.txt! They can be autogenerated by pip!
- Avoid generating excessive temporary files, if you are generating them, please create a *.gitignore* for your project directory.
- Do not upload *\_\_pycache\_\_*/ it will make me sad.
- This folder is not for compiled code (python is not compiled) compiled code is put in the *.../build/* directory and will not be stored in the github. Code will be compiled from source, god damn it!
- Try to avoid uploading personal code that will not be used in the robot, or at least put it in an *./experiments/* directory if you decide to.
- Aside from that, go wild! Explore! Learn stuff! Make some silly stuff we might not use! You can only learn through projects, and it takes surprisingly few projects!
